Update README.md: use submodule and use benchmark tool (#3182)
SpiderLabs/ModSecurity: README.md

### Unix (Linux, MacOS, FreeBSD, …)

On unix the project uses autotools to help the compilation process. Please note that if you work with `git`, do not forget to initialize submodules and update them. Here is a brief howto:
```shell

> $ git clone https://github.com/owasp-modsecurity/ModSecurity ModSecurity

Reviewer: why not just using `git clone --recursive`?

Author: Thanks, fixed.

```shell
$ ./benchmark 1000
Doing 1000 transactions...
```

To measure the time:
```shell
$ time ./benchmark 1000
Doing 1000 transactions...

real	0m0.351s
user	0m0.337s
sys	0m0.022s
```

This is very fast because the benchmark uses the minimal `modsecurity.conf.default` configuration, which doesn't include too many rules:

```shell
$ cat basic_rules.conf

Include "../../modsecurity.conf-recommended"

```

To measure with real rules, run one of the download scripts in the same directory:

```shell
$ ./download-owasp-v3-rules.sh
Cloning into 'owasp-v3'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 33007, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (2581/2581), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (907/907), done.
remote: Total 33007 (delta 2151), reused 2004 (delta 1638), pack-reused 30426
Receiving objects: 100% (33007/33007), 9.02 MiB | 16.21 MiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (25927/25927), done.
Switched to a new branch 'tag3.0.2'
/path/to/ModSecurity/test/benchmark
Done.

$ cat basic_rules.conf

Include "../../modsecurity.conf-recommended"

Include "owasp-v3/crs-setup.conf.example"
Include "owasp-v3/rules/*.conf"
```

Now the command will give much higher value.

> #### How the benchark works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How the benchmark works
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

> The tool is a simple wrapper application that uses the library. Creates a ModSecurity instance and a RuleSet instance, then runs a loop with the passed number. Creates a Transaction (object) and emulates real HTTP transactions.
> 
> The transaction is an HTTP/1.1 GET request with some GET parameters. Added common headers then the response: headers and an XML body. Between phases it checks whether an intervention has taken place or not. All transactions are created with same data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool is a straightforward wrapper application that utilizes the library. It creates a ModSecurity instance and a RuleSet instance, then runs a loop based on the specified number. Within this loop, it creates a Transaction object to emulate real HTTP transactions.

Each transaction is an HTTP/1.1 GET request with some GET parameters. Common headers are added, followed by the response headers and an XML body. Between phases, the tool checks whether an intervention has occurred. All transactions are created with the same data.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

$ sudo make install
```

### Benchmarking

> The source tree includes a Benchmark tool that can help measure library performance. The tool is located in the test/benchmark/ directory. The build process also creates the binary here, so you will have the tool after the compilation is finished.

Reviewer 2: This is repeated.

The source tree includes a Benchmark tool that can help measure library performance. The tool is located in the `test/benchmark/` directory. The build process also creates the binary here, so you will have the tool after the compilation is finished.

To run, just type:

```shell
cd test/benchmark
$ ./benchmark
Doing 1000000 transactions...

```

> Okay, this is a bit much, but you can pass a lower value:

Reviewer 2: It'd be better if it's: `You can also pass a lower value:`

```shell
$ ./benchmark 1000
Doing 1000 transactions...
```

To measure the time:
```shell
$ time ./benchmark 1000
Doing 1000 transactions...

real	0m0.351s
user	0m0.337s
sys	0m0.022s
```

> This is very fast because the benchmark uses the minimal `modsecurity.conf.default` configuration, which doesn't not too much rules:

Reviewer 2: "which doesn't not too much rules"?

Author: Thanks for all, fixed every issue.

```shell
$ cat basic_rules.conf

Include "../../modsecurity.conf-recommended"

```

> To measure with real rules, run one of the download scripts in the same directory:

Reviewer 2: How about `download scripts available in the same directory`?
